   Surveyor Ref:
   No: 15523/ICICI/2021                             Insured Name:
                                                    Raut accident and fracture hospital
                                                    Claim No: FIR030039361
   Report Date: 27th June 2020                      Policy No: 1001/200266201/00/000


          Survey report regarding claim preferred by M/s. Raut accident and fracture hospital
           Pune for reported loss/damage to their property insured under Standard Fire and
                                          Special Perils Policy

DATE OF LOSS                               : 7th June 2020


DATE OF INSTRUCTION FROM                   : 11th June 2020 vide mail
INSURER


DATE OF VISIT                              : Virtual survey was carried out on 11th June 2020.
                                             Further physical survey on 18th June 2020 after
                                             confirmation of schedule from insured.


PERSON CONTACTED                           : Mr. Balasaheb Janardhan Raut-9922941674


NAME OF INSURED                            : Raut accident and fracture hospital Prop.
                                             Balasaheb Janardhan Raut ac 8 471,


LOCATION OF LOSS, WITH PIN CODE            : S No 4311 Kalthan Road M Post Tal Indapur,
                                             Dist- Pune 413106
POLICY PARTICULARS


   •   NAME OF POLICY                    : Standard fire and special perils insurance


   •   POLICY NO                     :     1001/200266201/00/000


   •   POLICY PERIOD                       00:00 Hours of May 26, 2020 To:
                                           Midnight of May 25, 2021


   •   SUM INSURED FOR COVERED             Plant and Machinery-Rs.40,000,000.00
       ITEM


   •   OCCUPANCY AS PER POLICY           : Hospitals, Xray and Diagnostic clinics


   •   OCCUPANCY AS PER SURVEY           : Hospitals, Xray and Diagnostic clinics


   •   PROPERTY COVERED AS PER             S No 4311 Kalthan Road M Post Tal Indapur,
       POLICY                              Dist- Pune 413106


INCIDENT


It was informed that on 7th June 2020 there was heavy rain coupled with storm at Indapur
region. Due to this, panel sheet at insured’s hospital was uprooted and collapsed.
Suddenly fire and smoke were observed at terrace. There was reportedly short circuit in
lamp post at terrace. All of sudden, due to leakage in electric current, various equipment
in hospital and lift was got stopped/non-functional.


CAUSE OF LOSS                            : Reported heavy rain with storm
NATURE AND EXTENT OF DAMAGE


We have carried out our physical survey on 18th June 2020 during which the premises
were inspected and photographed. Broadly our observations are as follows:
   ➢ Building:
      Front side ACP panels and ACP sheet were uprooted/deformed and need to
      replaced. Main entrance glass paneling was damaged. Need to repair. On
      fourth floor Patient ward, right side wall was observed with crack near column
      and beam. It needs plastering and painting.
   ➢ Machineries/Equipment: We observed that equipment such as Ventilator,
      analyzer, NIBP monitor, X-ray, CT scan machine, SWD diathermy machine was
      non- functional. High voltage, reverse current lead to machinery break down. Fire
      was not generated in these machines. Only one wall mounting fan was observed
      with burnt marks.
   ➢ Two lifts (Normal and Patient) were also went on breakdown due to surge in
      voltage. Various parts such as mother board, power supply card, relay card, fuse
      cards were reportedly damaged and need repairs.
Out of damaged, building is not covered in the subject policy. Also damages to
equipment & lifts are not covered due to exclusion no 7 under fire policy.


ADMISSIBILTY OF CLAIM


Insured had taken another policy for building. In the subject policy sum insured is taken
for only P & M. However, loss towards damages to lifts and other medical equipment
are not covered, as per the exclusion no:7 of conditions of the fire policy, which read as
under:
(Quote)
Loss, destruction or damage to any electrical machine, apparatus, fixture, or fitting
arising from or occasioned by over-running, excessive pressure, short-circuiting, arcing,
self-heating or leakage of electricity from whatever cause (lightning included) provided
that this exclusion shall apply only to the particular electrical machine, apparatus,
fixture or fitting so affected and not to other machines, apparatus, fixtures or fittings
which may be destroyed or damaged by fire so set up.
(Unquote)
As per the above exclusion No.7, the loss/damage to the machine/equipment & two lifts
due to leakage of electric current, by any means, is excluded from the scope
of Fire Insurance Policy.   Thus, a claim lodged by Insured for damages towards
equipment and lifts is not admissible.


ASSESSMENT OF LOSS


Insured   have    lodged     the   claim    for   Rs.716683.00   for   damages   towards
machineries/equipment. Supporting quotations were provided to us. As elaborated
above claim lodged by Insured is not admissible still based on documents provided and
our inspection, we have tentatively assessed the loss.

The tentative assessment of loss works out to Rs. 359934.00. The detailed
assessment is attached as Annexure to the report.


REASON FOR CLOSER


As elaborated above, various medical equipments in hospital became non-functional
due to leakage of electric current during short circuit which is excluded under the fire
policy held by Insured. Damages to building are not covered in this Policy. Thus,
damaged items are not covered under the subject policy and the claim lodged by
Insured is not payable. We have conveyed our observation to insured verbally during
our inspection as well as vide our email dated 20th June 2020. Now as advised by
Insurers we are closing our file as ‘no claim’.
This report is issued without prejudice & subject to the terms, conditions and warranties
to the policy issued to & held by the insured.


DECLARATION


   •   We hereby declare that the photographs of the affected property as detailed in
       our report were snapped by us by our Digital Camera and uploaded on our Office
       Computer. These were got printed in-house and are not manipulated.
   • We hereby declare that we have no interest in the subject matter in question and
       reported as above. We are neither related to the Insured nor the business either by
       blood, business or share-holding of whatsoever nature.




        K. R. BIYANI
        KAMAL BIYANI ASSOCIATES
        License No. SLA 34365 valid till 27.11.2022


        Encloser
           • Tentative assessment of loss.
           • Supporting quotations.
           • Closer mail sent to insured.
           • Photographs
