To,
ICICI Lombard GIC LTD, Third Floor, C Wing, Manikchand Icon, Bund Garden, Pune
411001, Maharashtra
Date: 29th September 2020                              Our Ref No.:15597/ICICI/20-21
                                                       Claim no: FIR039508736
                                  FINAL SURVEY REPORT

DATE OF LOSS                         : Midnight between 12th August and 13th August
                                       2020 (As informed)
DATE AND TIME OF INSTRUCTION         : 13th August 2020
FROM INSURER
DATE OF INSTRUCTION FROM             : 13th August 2020
INSURED
SOURCE OF INSTRUCTION                : Email from Mr. K K Chaithanya
TIME & DATE OF VISIT                 : 14th August 2020
REASON FOR DELAY, IF SURVEY          : None
DEFERRED
LOCATION OF LOSS, WITH PIN CODE      : Shivshakti Enterprises Prop Anita Yadav STL272
                                       Gat No 881 Nr Mahadev Mandir Chikhli Pune-
                                       411039, Pune, Maharashtra, 411039
PERSON CONTACTED                     : Mr. D.G. Mobile No. 7620304600, 9657493662.
POLICY NAME                          : Standard Fire & Special Perils Policy
POLICY NO                            : 1001/195046661/00/000
NAME & ADDRESS OF INSURED            : M/s. Shivshakti Enterprises Prop Anita Yadav
                                       STL272 Gat No 881 Nr Mahadev Mandir Chikhli
                                       Pune-411039, Pune, Maharashtra, 411039
AFFECTED ITEM                        : Stock in Process, Finished Goods, Raw Material
SUPPOSED CAUSE (AS PER INSURED)      : Due to fire
SUPPOSED CAUSE (AS PER Adjuster)     : Yet to be ascertained.

POLICY COVERAGE, SCOPE                : Policy is having coverage of Stock in Process,
(COVERAGE FOR PROPERTY AND              Finished Goods – cutting wood, pallet boxes FG
MAIN PERIL OPERATION)                   only
RELEVANT POLICY CONDITIONS,           :      Agreed Bank clause
WARRANTIES                                   Designation of property clause
LOSS INDEMNIFIABLE UNDER POLICY : Yes
TERMS? (REVIEW OF APPLICABLE
POLICY TERMS AND COMMENT)
NATURE AND EXTENT OF DAMAGE:
The premises were inspected thoroughly. During our visit Mr. D.G. Yadav (owner),
conducted us & narrated the incident. The premises was occupied as company dealing
with manufacturing of wooden pallet/boxes. It was informed that at around 12.30 A.M
on 13th August 2020, fire was noticed by one of the neighbor, who in turned immediately
informed to the Insured. The Insured, rushed to his company, the fire spread to Insured’s
company & damaged to stock, building, Machinery & other contents. The fire brigade
team, were called & who took the charge & Controlled fire. The entire Insured premises
was affected due to fire.
Continuation 2/4


Building: The insured’s total area is around 4000 sq ft. The wall was also found cracked
due to heat. The entire premises was found blackened, deformed and bent due to heat
and fire.
However, the policy does not have coverage of the building. Thus, the damages
towards building would not be part of our further survey.

Machinery: Various machines (cutting and weighing machine) of the insured were found
complelety burnt.
However, the policy does not have coverage of the building. Thus, the damages
towards building would not be part of our further survey.

Stock in Process and Finished goods: As reported the stock consisted of pine & cutting
ply wood, wooden boxes and wooden pallets. was stored at affected premises. These
were purchased from various companies, as scrapped packing wooden
material/imported boxes (Industrial scrap) and also new wooden material. They cut this
according to design/requirement and make new boxes/pallets. Insured after machining
(in required size) gets their finished goods. They further sell to the various
companies/other consumer. Entire stock was found affected which turned to ash due to
fire. This was found totally gutted due to fire.


REASON FOR CLOSURE:

Insured were requested to provide relevant documents vide email dated 17th August
2020. Till date, the below documents are pending.

1.   Claim form duly completed and signed by authorized person.

2.   Your final claim bill (as per Format-14 attached)

3.  Probable cause of fire. The cause of fire should be thoroughly investigated by you
and the conclusions to be submitted.

4.   Details of firefighting provisions /arrangements at the affected premises

5.   Reports from all fire brigades, newspaper cuttings, factory inspectorate, Electrical
Inspector (together with English Translation thereof if these are in vernacular)

6. Balance sheet & Trading and Profit & Loss Account for the period from 1st April 2020
till the date of loss, duly certified by CA.

7.   Copies of licenses from government authorities.

8.   Salvage value offer of the damaged material.

9.   Profile of Company: When established, Product/s Manufactured, Manufacturing
process involved, area etc.

10. Brief write-up on the accounting procedure being followed up with details of book-
Continuation 3/4

keeping.

11. Photographs/video clips,/CCTV footages if any, taken by you.

12. Kindly confirm whether you have any other policy for the affected location

13. Please confirm, if you are eligible for availing set off/credit against any of the taxes
being claimed by you.

14. Any document (other than the list in the letter), which in your opinion, would support
the claim.

Pending Documents for stock loss:

1.  Details of damaged stocks due to the reported loss (As per Format-6) for Stock in
process & Finished goods separately- duly stamped & signed

2.   Your claim bill with supporting documents, duly stamped & signed.

3. Detailed statement of entire stocks held in the premises at the time of loss/damage
(Stock in process & Finished Goods separately. (As per Format-7), duly CA certified.

4.   Details of safe stocks – (As per Format-8), with stamped & signed.

5.   Detail of the inventory movement for the claimed stocks (As per Format – 11)

6. Copies of stock statements submitted to the Bank for 6 months prior to the date of
loss. Stock statements should be attested by your Banker with dates of receipts.

7. Please advise us when the last physical verification of stocks was conducted by you
as well as by your Bankers. Please submit us a copy of such report.

8.   The latest Stock audit report if conducted by Bank.

9.   Your sales register for the current F.Y for the period 01.04.20 till the date of loss.

10. Your purchase register for the current F.Y. for the period 01.04.20 till the date of loss.

11. Copies of bank statements of all your Bankers, for the last F.Y. and also for current F.Y.
till the date of loss. This statement should be reconciled with your purchase details.

12. A certificate from Bankers giving the following information therein: Type / Name of
credit facility, Date of sanction, Amount sanctioned, Outstanding amount as on date of
loss

Final reminder mail was sent by insurers to submit documents till 29th September 2020.
However, till today we have not received any revert from the insured. Thus, as advised by
insurer on 29th September 2020, we are closing our file as NO CLAIM due to non-
submission of documents.
Continuation 4/4




This report is issued without prejudice and subject to the terms, condition, exceptions &
warranties of the policy issued to and held by the insured.

DECLARATIONS:

   1. We hereby declare that the photographs of the affected property as detailed in
our report were snapped by us by our Digital Camera and uploaded on our Office
Computer. These were got printed in our office and are not manipulated.
   2. We hereby declare that we have no interest in the subject matter in question and
reported as above. We are neither related to the Insured nor the business either by
blood, business or share-holding of whatsoever nature.




K. R. BIYANI
KAMAL BIYANI ASSOCIATES
License No. SLA 34365 valid till 27.11.2022
