   MOTOR COMPREHENSIVE POLICY-PC THROUGH CSC: ADD ON COVERS(Plan Name:24x7 Spot Assistance
              And Accidental Medical Expenses, SI Rs. 2,00,000.00): POLICY WORDINGS



S1 - 24x7 SPOT ASSISTANCE
A. Endorsement Wordings
In consideration of the payment of additional premium, it is hereby agreed and declared that You shall be entitled to one or
more of the below mentioned benefits depending on the plan opted by You and as shown on the Schedule :
       (A) Flat Battery: In the event of the Insured Vehicle being immobilized due to a flat battery, We will make al-
       ternative arrangements to make the Insured Vehicle mobile again provided the event has occurred within 100
       kilometers from the center point of the city of Your residence and the Insured Vehicle has not reached a work-
       shop/repairer. (B) Spare Keys: In the event of You losing keys of the Insured Vehicle , We will arrange for the
       pick up and delivery of spare keys to the spot where the Insured Vehicle is located provided the event has oc-
       curred within 100 kilometers from the center point of the city of Your residence and the Insured Vehicle has not
       reached a workshop/repairer. (C) Flat Tyre: In the event of the Insured Vehicle being immobilized due to flat
       tyres, We will arrange for the refill of the flat tyres and/or replacement of the flat tyres with a usable spare tyre to
       make the Insured Vehicle mobile again provided the event has occurred within 100 kilometers from the center
       point of the city of Your residence and the Insured Vehicle has not reached a workshop/repairer . (D) Minor Re-
       pairs: In the event of the Insured Vehicle being immobilized due to mechanical and/or electrical breakdown, We
       will arrange for minor mechanical and/or electrical repairs to make the Insured Vehicle mobile again provided
       the event has occurred within 100 kilometers from the center point of the city of Your residence and the Insured
       Vehicle has not reached a workshop/repairer. (E) Towing Facility: In the event of the Insured Vehicle getting im-
       mobilized as a result of Accident and/or breakdown, We shall arrange for towing away of the Insured Vehicle
       from the spot of immobilization to Our nearest preferred workshop provided the event has occurred within 100
       kilometers from the center point of the city of Your residence. (F) Urgent Message Relays: In the event of the In-
       sured Vehicle getting immobilized as a result of Accident and/or breakdown, We will send urgent message on
       Your request to the specified persons through available means of communication (G) Medical Co-ordination: In
       the event of the Insured Vehicle meeting with an Accident, You can call Us on our Toll Free Number, mentioned
       on the Schedule , to obtain details regarding the nearest medical center that can provide emergency relief services.
       (H) Fuel Assistance: In the event of the Insured Vehicle being immobilized due to an empty fuel tank and/or con-
       taminated fuel, We will either arrange for supply of 3 litres of petrol or diesel on chargeable basis and/or towing
       of the Insured Vehicle to Our nearest preferred workshop provided the event has occurred within 100 kilometers
       from the center point of the city of Your residence and the Insured Vehicle has not reached a workshop/repairer.
       (I) Taxi Benefits: In the event of the Insured Vehicle meeting with an Accident/breakdown, We will arrange for a
       free travel of the occupants of the Insured Vehicle to a single destination within a vicinity of 50 kilometers from
       the spot of immobilization through a taxi or any other transportation service provided the event has occurred with-
       in 100 kilometers from the center point of the city of Your residence and the Insured Vehicle has to be towed
       away to Our nearest preferred workshop. Any travel beyond 50 kilometers can be covered on payment of addi-
       tional amount as specified by Us. In the unlikely event of We being unable to arrange for this service, We may re-
       quest You to arrange for a taxi to transfer the occupants of the Insured Vehicle on Your own and submit the bills
       for a pre-communicated amount for re-imbursement to Us. (J) Accommodation Benefits: In the event of the In-
       sured Vehicle meeting with an Accident/breakdown, We will provide occupants of the Insured Vehicle with a
       hotel accommodation for one day provided the event has occurred beyond 100 kilometers from the center point of
       the city of Your residence but within 100 kilometers of another covered city and the time to repair the Insured
       Vehicle will exceed 12 hours from the time of reporting the incident.
       The accommodation benefits would be offered subject to a per day limit of Rs. 2,000 per occupant and a maxim-
       um total limit of Rs. 16,000 for all the occupants of the Insured Vehicle through out the Policy Period. In the un-
       likely event of We being unable to arrange for this service, We may request You to arrange for a hotel accom-
       modation for the occupants of the Insured Vehicle on Your own and submit the bills for a pre-communicated
       amount for re-imbursement to Us. (K)Legal Advice: In the event of the Insured Vehicle meeting with an Acci-
       dent, You shall be entitled for a free legal advice from a legal advisor over the phone for a maximum duration of
       30 minutes. Subsequent to the expiry of the specified period of 30 minutes, You may continue with the same legal
       advisor on direct payment basis
B. Conditions
       (1) . In case of transfer of ownership of the Insured Vehicle , the cover under '24x7 Spot Assistance' shall expire.
       (2) The benefits under '24x7 Spot Assistance' can be utilized for a maximum of 4 times during the Policy Period
       except for 'Fuel Assistance', 'Taxi Benefits', 'Accommodation Benefits' and 'Legal Advice' for which the aggregate
       utilization limit is 2 times during the Policy Period
C. Exclusions
       (1) Where the Insured Vehicle can be safely transferred on its own power to nearest dealer/workshop. (2) Any
       Accident, loss, damage and/or liability caused, sustained or incurred whilst the Insured Vehicle is being used oth-
       erwise than in accordance with the limitations as to use. (3) Any liability of whatsoever nature directly or indir-
       ectly caused by or contributed to by or arising from ionising radiations or contamination by radioactivity from any
       nuclear fuel or from any nuclear waste from the combustion of nuclear fuel. For the purpose of this exception,
       combustion shall include any self-sustaining process of nuclear fission. (4) Any Accident, loss, damage and/or li-
       ability directly or indirectly or proximately or remotely occasioned by contributed to/by or traceable to or arising
       out of or in connection with war, invasion, the act of foreign enemies, hostilities or warlike operations (whether
       before or after declaration of war), civil war, mutiny rebellion, military or usurped power or by any direct or indir-
       ect consequences of any of the said occurrences. (5) Any loss or damage caused due to riots, strikes and Act of
       God perils like flood, earthquake etc. (6) Claims pertaining to theft losses. (7) Any consequential loss arising out
       of claims lodged under '24x7 Spot Assistance' .(8) Where a loss is covered under Motor Insurance Policy or any
