   MOTOR COMPREHENSIVE POLICY-PC THROUGH CSC: ADD ON COVERS(Plan Name:24x7 Spot Assistance
              And Accidental Medical Expenses, SI Rs. 2,00,000.00): POLICY WORDINGS

        ablement/death directly or indirectly arising out of or contributed to any pre-existing condition 5. Venereal or
        sexually transmitted diseases 6. HIV (Human Immunodeficiency Virus) and/or any HIV related illness including
        AIDS (Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome) and/or mutant derivatives or variations thereof however caused
        7. Pregnancy, resulting childbirth, miscarriage, abortion, or complications arising out of any of these 8. War
        (whether declared or not), civil war, invasion, act of foreign enemies, rebellion, revolution, insurrection, mutiny,
        military or usurped power, seizure, capture, arrest, restraint or detainment, confiscation or nationalisation or re-
        quisition of or damage by or under the order of any government or public local authority 9. Nuclear energy, radi-
        ation If You do not agree whether any of these exclusions apply to Your claim, You agree to accept the burden of
        proving that they do not apply.
D. Claims Process
1) Making a Claim If You/Your family members (named in the Schedule) meet with any Accidental Bodily Injury that
may result in a claim, then as a condition precedent to Our liability: a) You or someone claiming on behalf must inform
Us in writing immediately and in any event within 30 days b) You must immediately consult a Doctor and follow the ad-
vice and treatment that he recommends c) You must take reasonable steps to lessen the consequence of Bodily injury d)
You must have Yourself examined by Our medical advisors if We ask for this e) You or some one claiming on behalf
must promptly give Us documentation and other information We ask for to verify the claim or Our obligation to make
payment for it f) In the event of Your/Your family members (named in the Schedule) death, someone claiming on de-
ceased#s behalf must inform Us in writing immediately and send Us a copy of the post- mortem report within 30 days
Note: Waiver of conditions (a) and (f) may be considered in extreme cases of hardship where it is proved to Our satisfac-
tion that under the circumstances in which You/Your family members (named in the Schedule) were placed, it was not
possible for You or any other person to give notice or file claim within the prescribed time limit. 2) Claim Settlement a)
You agree that We need only make payment when You or someone claiming on behalf has provided a claim to Our satis-
faction b) We will make payment to You or to Your Assignee. If there is no Assignee, We will pay to Your legal heir, ex-
ecutor or validly appointed legal representative as per succession certificate and any payment We make in this way will
be a complete and final discharge of Our liability to make payment
E. Definitions
The words and phrases listed have special meanings We have set below whenever they appear in bold type and initial
capitals. Please note that references to the singular or to the masculine also include references to the plural or to the fe-
male the context permits and if appropriate. 1. Accident, Accidental: A sudden, unintended and fortuitous external and
visible event 2. Assignee: The person named in the proposal or Schedule to whom the benefits under the cover are as-
signed by You/Your family members (named in the Schedule) 3. Bodily Injury: Physical bodily harm or injury but not
any mental sickness, disease or illness 4. Doctor: A person who holds a recognized qualification in allopathic medicine,
is registered by the medical council of any State of India in which he operates and is practicing within the scope of such
license. 5. Hospital: means any institution in India established for the indoor care and treatment of disease and injury,
which: a) Is registered and licensed as a hospital or nursing home with the appropriate local authorities and is under the
supervision of a registered medical practitioner OR b) Complies with minimum criteria of: i) At least 15 inpatient beds
(10 in Class C towns) ii) Fully equipped OT of its own where surgical operations are carried out iii) Fully qualified nurs-
ing staff under employment round the clock iv) Qualified doctors in charge round the clock but shall not include any es-
tablishment which is a place of rest, a place for the aged, a place for drug-addicts or a place for alcoholics, a hotel or sim-
ilar place 6. Hospitalized/Hospitalization: Your/Your family members (named in the Schedule) required stay of as an in-
patient in a Hospital within India for medically necessary treatment following and due to an insured event 7. In-patient
Care: The treatment for which You/Your family members (named in the Schedule) have to stay in a Hospital for more
than 24 hours for a covered event 8. Insured Vehicle: The vehicle insured by Us under the Motor Insurance Policy 9.
Own Damage Claim: The claims raised by You against Us for loss or damage to the Insured Vehicle due to the perils
mentioned under Section 1 of Motor Insurance Policy 10. Policy/Motor Insurance Policy: Private Car Package Policy is-
sued by Us to which this cover is extended 11. Policy Period: The period between and including the commencement date
and expiry date as shown in the Motor Insurance Policy Schedule 12. Schedule: The Schedule and any Annexure or En-
dorsement to it which sets out Your personal details, the type of insurance cover in force and the Sum Insured 13. Sum
Insured: The amount stated in the Schedule, which is the maximum amount We will pay for claims made by You irre-
spective of the number of claims You make in respect of Yourself/Your family members (named in the Schedule) 14.
You, Your, Yourself: The person or persons We insure as set out in the Schedule 15. We, Our, Us: Bajaj Allianz General
Insurance Company Limited
