   MOTOR COMPREHENSIVE POLICY-PC THROUGH CSC: ADD ON COVERS(Plan Name:24x7 Spot Assistance
              And Accidental Medical Expenses, SI Rs. 2,00,000.00): POLICY WORDINGS

       other type of insurance policy with any other insurer or manufacturer's warranty or recall campaign or under any
       other such packages at the same time.(9) Replacement cost of battery and/or any associated repair cost. (10) Cost
       of supply of parts or replacements elements or consumables. (11)Repair cost of tyre and/or parts or replacement
       cost of any part of consumable at a third party workshop/repairer. (12)Any taxes, levy and expenses incurred in
       excess of the limit described under the plan opted by You . (13)Loss of valuables and personal belongings kept in
       the Insured Vehicle . (14) Any loss or damage to the Insured Vehicle arising out of participation in a motor ra-
       cing competition or trial runs. (15)Where it is proved that You have abused the benefits under '24x7 Spot Assist-
       ance'. (16)Any loss or damage caused due to pre- existing damages. (17)Any loss or damage arising out of inter-
       vention of Government Authorized Agencies, Police Authorities or Law Enforcing Agencies . (18)Any loss or
       damage resulting from the use of Insured Vehicle against the recommendations of the owners manual and/or
       manufacturer's manual. (19)Any loss resulting from Your deliberate or intentional and/or unlawful or criminal act
       (20)Benefits under 'Taxi Benefits' and 'Accommodation Benefits' for occupants in excess of the seating capacity
       as per the registration certificate of the Insured Vehicle . (21)Additional cost incurred in towing the Insured
       Vehicle to a dealer/workshop as specified by You instead to Our specified nearest authorized workshop. (22)Ser-
       vices organized without Our prior consent for the various assistance services. (23)If You or Your personal repres-
       entative is already at a garage for delivery of the Insured Vehicle or at the place of recovery in case of theft
       (24)Mechanical and/or electrical breakdowns that require replacement of spare parts and/or specialized tools/
       equipments that are usually available only in automotive workshops
If You do not agree whether any of these exclusions apply to Your claim, You agree to accept the burden of proving that
they do not apply.
D. Definitions
The words and phrases listed have special meanings We have set below whenever they appear in bold type and initial
capitals. Please note that references to the singular or to the masculine also include references to the plural or to the fe-
male the context permits and if appropriate.
       (1) You,Your,Yourself: The person or persons We insure as set out in the Schedule . (2) We, Our, Us: Bajaj Al-
       lianz General Insurance Company Limited and/or the Service Provider with whom Bajaj Allianz General Insur-
       ance Company Limited has entered into a contract to provide the benefits under this cover to You . (3) Accident,
       Accidental: A sudden, unintended and fortuitous external and visible event. (4) Policy/Motor Insurance Policy:
       Private Car Package Policy issued by Us to which this cover is extended. (5) Insured Vehicle : The vehicle in-
       sured by Us under the Motor Insurance Policy. (6) Policy Period: The period between and including the com-
       mencement date and expiry date as shown in the Motor Insurance Policy Schedule . (7) Schedule : The Sched-
       ule and any Annexure or Endorsement to it which sets out Your personal details and the type of insurance cover
       in force



S15: ACCIDENTAL MEDICAL EXPENSES COVER

A. Endorsement Wordings
In consideration of payment of additional premium, it is hereby agreed and declared that if You/Your family members
(named in the Schedule) are Hospitalized on advice of a Doctor because of an Accidental Bodily Injury sustained dur-
ing the Policy Period while travelling in the Insured Vehicle, then We will reimburse You, the reasonable and custom-
ary medical expenses incurred up to a maximum Sum Insured as shown in the Schedule for this Cover aggregate in any
one Policy Period. The medical expenses reimbursable would include: i) the reasonable charges that You/Your family
members (named in the Schedule) necessarily incur on the advice of a Doctor for In-patient Care in a Hospital for ac-
commodation; nursing care; the attention of medically qualified staff; undergoing medically necessary procedures and
medical consumables. ii) Ambulance charges for carrying You/Your family members (named in the Schedule) from the
site of accident to the nearest hospital, subject to a limit of Rs. 1,000 per claim.
B. Conditions
    (1) Claims made by You against Us under #Accidental Medical Expenses Cover# are subject to the conditions set
    forth under the Motor Insurance Policy (2)In case of transfer of ownership of the Insured Vehicle , the cover un-
    der #Accidental Medical Expenses Cover# shall expire
C. Exclusions
In addition to the exclusions mentioned under under Motor Insurance Policy, We will not be liable to indemnify You
for the following events:
        1. Where the Own Damage Claim made by You against Us under the Motor Insurance Policy is not payable. 2.
        Accidental Bodily Injury that You/Your family members (named in the Schedule) meet with: a) Through suicide,
        attempted suicide or self inflicted injury or illness b) While under the influence of liquor or drugs c) Arising or
        resulting from You/Your family members (named in the Schedule) committing any breach of law with criminal
        intent d) Whilst engaging in aviation or ballooning, whilst mounting into, dismounting from or travelling in any
        balloon or aircraft other than as a passenger (fare paying or otherwise) in any duly licensed standard type of air-
        craft anywhere in the world. e) Whilst participating as the driver, co-driver or passenger of a motor vehicle during
        motor racing or trial runs f) As a result of any curative treatments or interventions that You/Your family members
        (named in the Schedule) carry out or have carried out on your body g) Arising out of participation in any naval,
        military or air force operations whether in the form of military exercises or war games or actual engagement with
        the enemy, whether foreign or domestic 3. Consequential losses of any kind, be they by way of loss of profit, loss
        of opportunity, loss of gain, business interruption, market loss or otherwise, or any claims arising out of loss of a
        pure financial nature such as loss of goodwill or any legal liability of any kind whatsoever 4. Any injury/dis-
